
Forge Token WhitePaper

What is Forge?
Forge is a token contract on the Polygon blockchain which is one hundred percent decentralized, fair, trustless, and ownerless contract. Zero developer fee on the contracts. Forge uses a Proof of Work system that distributes rewards, and enables our auction and staking feature.

Tokenomics
21,000,000 (50%) Forge Tokens distributed via Proof of Work Contract
10,500,000 (25%) Forge Tokens distributed via Auctions Contract
10,500,000 (25%) Forge Tokens distributed via Staking Contract
67% of the 0xBTC raised from the Auctions contract goes directly to Miners via Proof-of-Work, miners receive 0.033 0xBitcoin per Solve.
33% of the 0xBTC raised from the Auctions contract goes back to Liquidity Providers via the Staking Contract!

Forge Proof of Work Contract
50% of the Forge Token Supply is distributed to Proof-of-Work Miners.  They solve a complicated hash that rewards them with 150 Forge tokens. 
Which generates a new complicated hash for the next miner to solve
Along with the Forge Tokens, miners will also receive 0.10$ in 0xBitcoin for every solve(0.033 0xBitcoin) if available.  
Miners make extra 0xBTC profit along with their Forge Tokens daily, helping defeat transaction costs, electric costs, and even hardware costs!  
Ensuring the token is always mined!

Forge Auctions Contract
25% of the Forge Token Supply is distributed by the Auctions contract.
The speed which blocks are mined by Proof-of-Work miners will determine the auction length, fast miners = short auctions.  Averages to 72 hour auctions.
Each auction will sell 8,192 Forge Tokens split to all bidders evenly depending on how much 0xBitcoin they bid for the auction.
Your 0xBTC Deposited into Auction / Total 0xBTC for Auction * 8,192 = Your Forge Tokens you will Receive.  
100% Fair based on amount of 0xBitcoin spent at that auction. 
All tracked and stored decentralize on Polygon Blockchain!

Forge Staking Contract
25% of the Forge Token Supply is distributed by the Liquidity Provider Staking Contract
The speed at which Stakers are rewarded will be determined by Proof-of-Work miners.  Fast miners = more rewards, slow miners = less rewards.
The rewards are split fairly and distributed over a period of time to all Stakers.  
We are staking Forge/0xBitcoin Liquidity Pool tokens.
This will 100% fairly and 100% decentralize distribute tokens to our Liquidity Providers, helping defeat Impermanent Loss often associated with it.

Why should I mine for Forge?
Along with the Forge Tokens and the 0xBitcoin Tokens, miners will have the ability to mine up to 65 other Cryptocurrencies!
Any ERC20 sent to the Forge Contract will become instantly mine able! With most of the supply being distributed over 100 days.
This allows any token to become mine able, without having to run their own proof-of-work system.  
Our system allows for basically any token to be mined, since miners pay nothing!
We expect to see Fractionalized NFTs available for mining!

No dev fee or any sort of fee is taken on the contract.

Viva La Mineables
